<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<?xml-stylesheet type="text/xsl"  href="../xsl/pmathml.xsl"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
   <head>
      <script type="text/javascript"> function divfold(_Id){
     var thisLevel = document.getElementById(_Id);
     var thisLevela = document.getElementById(_Id.concat("a"))
     if(thisLevel.style.display != "none"){ 
      thisLevel.style.display = "none";
      thisLevela.style.backgroundColor = "#CCCCCC";} 
     else{
      thisLevel.style.display = "block";
      thisLevela.style.backgroundColor = "#AAFFAA";}  
       }
     </script>
      <title>metasig</title>
      <link rel="stylesheet" href="omcd.css" type="text/css"/>
   </head>
   <body>
      <a name="top"/>
      <h1>OpenMath Content Dictionary: metasig</h1>
      <dl>
         <dt>
            <span class="dt">Canonical URL:</span>
         </dt>
         <dd>
            <a href="http://www.openmath.org/cd/metasig.ocd">http://www.openmath.org/cd/metasig.ocd</a>
         </dd>
         <dt>
            <span class="dt">CD Base:</span>
         </dt>
         <dd>
            <a href="http://www.openmath.org/cd">http://www.openmath.org/cd</a>
         </dd>
         <dt>
            <span class="dt">CD File:</span>
         </dt>
         <dd>
            <a href="metasig.ocd">metasig.ocd
      </a>
         </dd>
         <dt>
            <span class="dt">CD as XML Encoded OpenMath:</span>
         </dt>
         <dd>
            <a href="metasig.omcd">metasig.omcd
      </a>
         </dd>
         <dt>
            <span class="dt">Defines:</span>
         </dt>
         <dd>
            <a href="#CDSComment">CDSComment</a>, <a href="#CDSReviewDate">CDSReviewDate</a>, <a href="#CDSStatus">CDSStatus</a>, <a href="#CDSignatures">CDSignatures</a>, <a href="#Signature">Signature</a>
         </dd>
         <dt>
            <span class="dt">Date:</span>
         </dt>
         <dd>2004-03-30</dd>
         <dt>
            <span class="dt">Version:</span>
         </dt>
         <dd>3</dd>
         <dt>
            <span class="dt">Review Date:</span>
         </dt>
         <dd>2006-03-30</dd>
         <dt>
            <span class="dt">Status:</span>
         </dt>
         <dd> official </dd>
      </dl>
      <hr/>

      <pre>

     This document is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, 
     but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of 
     MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

     The copyright holder grants you permission to redistribute this 
     document freely as a verbatim copy. Furthermore, the copyright
     holder permits you to develop any derived work from this document
     provided that the following conditions are met.
       a) The derived work acknowledges the fact that it is derived from
          this document, and maintains a prominent reference in the 
          work to the original source.
       b) The fact that the derived work is not the original OpenMath 
          document is stated prominently in the derived work.  Moreover if
          both this document and the derived work are Content Dictionaries
          then the derived work must include a different CDName element,
          chosen so that it cannot be confused with any works adopted by
          the OpenMath Society.  In particular, if there is a Content 
          Dictionary Group whose name is, for example, `math' containing
          Content Dictionaries named `math1', `math2' etc., then you should 
          not name a derived Content Dictionary `mathN' where N is an integer.
          However you are free to name it `private_mathN' or some such.  This
          is because the names `mathN' may be used by the OpenMath Society
          for future extensions.
       c) The derived work is distributed under terms that allow the
          compilation of derived works, but keep paragraphs a) and b)
          intact.  The simplest way to do this is to distribute the derived
          work under the OpenMath license, but this is not a requirement.
     If you have questions about this license please contact the OpenMath
     society at <a href="http://www.openmath.org">http://www.openmath.org</a>.
</pre>












      <p> 
This is a content dictionary to represent Content Dictionary
Signature Files, so that they may be encoded as OpenMath
Objects, which is a possible way of passing this information between
OpenMath Applications.
</p>



      <pre>
1999-05-04 First Draft. David Carlisle
</pre>


      <hr/>
      <h2>
         <a name="CDSignatures"> CDSignatures </a>
      </h2>
      <dl>
         <dt>
            <span class="dt">Role:</span>
         </dt>
         <dd>application</dd>
      </dl>
      <dl>
         <dt>
            <span class="dt">Description:</span>
         </dt>
         <dd>
            <p>
This symbol is used to represent the outermost element of the
Signature File which is characterized by two required attributes that
identify the type system and the Content Dictionary whose signatures
are defined. The value of the XML attribute 'type' is the name of the
Content Dictionary or of the CDGroup that represents the type
system. The value of the XML attribute 'cd' is the name of the Content
Dictionary whose symbols are assigned signatures in this Signature
File. It has an arbitrary number of arguments which may be
elements of type corresponding to the other symbols defined in this file.
</p>
         </dd>
      </dl>
      <dl>
         <dt>
            <span class="dt">Signatures:</span>
         </dt>
         <dd>
            <a href="../../sts/metasig.xhtml#CDSignatures">
	sts
      </a>
         </dd>
      </dl>
      <p/>
      <hr/>
      <table width="100%">
         <tr>
            <td align="right">
               <font size="-1">
	    [Next: <a href="#CDSComment">CDSComment</a>]
	  
	    [Last: <a href="#Signature">Signature</a>]
	  
      [<a href="#top">Top</a>]</font>
            </td>
         </tr>
      </table>

      <hr/>
      <h2>
         <a name="CDSComment"> CDSComment </a>
      </h2>
      <dl>
         <dt>
            <span class="dt">Role:</span>
         </dt>
         <dd>application</dd>
      </dl>
      <dl>
         <dt>
            <span class="dt">Description:</span>
         </dt>
         <dd>
            <p>
This symbol is used to represent the element of a signature file which
explains some aspect of that signature file. It should have one string
argument which makes that explanation.
</p>
         </dd>
      </dl>
      <dl>
         <dt>
            <span class="dt">Signatures:</span>
         </dt>
         <dd>
            <a href="../../sts/metasig.xhtml#CDSComment">
	sts
      </a>
         </dd>
      </dl>
      <p/>
      <hr/>
      <table width="100%">
         <tr>
            <td align="right">
               <font size="-1">
	    [Next: <a href="#CDSReviewDate">CDSReviewDate</a>]
	  
	    [Previous: <a href="#CDSignatures">CDSignatures</a>]
	  
      [<a href="#top">Top</a>]</font>
            </td>
         </tr>
      </table>

      <hr/>
      <h2>
         <a name="CDSReviewDate"> CDSReviewDate </a>
      </h2>
      <dl>
         <dt>
            <span class="dt">Role:</span>
         </dt>
         <dd>application</dd>
      </dl>
      <dl>
         <dt>
            <span class="dt">Description:</span>
         </dt>
         <dd>
            <p>
This symbol is used to represent the element of a signature file which
specifies the earliest possible revision date of the signature
file. It should have one string argument which specifies that date. The
date should be in the format YYYY-MM-DD, e.g. 2000-02-29.
</p>
         </dd>
      </dl>
      <dl>
         <dt>
            <span class="dt">Signatures:</span>
         </dt>
         <dd>
            <a href="../../sts/metasig.xhtml#CDSReviewDate">
	sts
      </a>
         </dd>
      </dl>
      <p/>
      <hr/>
      <table width="100%">
         <tr>
            <td align="right">
               <font size="-1">
	    [Next: <a href="#CDSStatus">CDSStatus</a>]
	  
	    [Previous: <a href="#CDSComment">CDSComment</a>]
	  
      [<a href="#top">Top</a>]</font>
            </td>
         </tr>
      </table>

      <hr/>
      <h2>
         <a name="CDSStatus"> CDSStatus </a>
      </h2>
      <dl>
         <dt>
            <span class="dt">Role:</span>
         </dt>
         <dd>application</dd>
      </dl>
      <dl>
         <dt>
            <span class="dt">Description:</span>
         </dt>
         <dd>
            <p>
This symbol is used to represent the element of a signature file which
specifies the status of that signature file. It should have one
string argument, which should be one of 'official' (approved by the
OpenMath Society according to the procedure outlined in the OpenMath
standard), 'experimental' (currently being tested), 'private' (used by
a private group of OpenMath users) or 'obsolete' (an obsolete
signature file, kept only for archival purposes).
</p>
         </dd>
      </dl>
      <dl>
         <dt>
            <span class="dt">Signatures:</span>
         </dt>
         <dd>
            <a href="../../sts/metasig.xhtml#CDSStatus">
	sts
      </a>
         </dd>
      </dl>
      <p/>
      <hr/>
      <table width="100%">
         <tr>
            <td align="right">
               <font size="-1">
	    [Next: <a href="#Signature">Signature</a>]
	  
	    [Previous: <a href="#CDSReviewDate">CDSReviewDate</a>]
	  
      [<a href="#top">Top</a>]</font>
            </td>
         </tr>
      </table>

      <hr/>
      <h2>
         <a name="Signature"> Signature </a>
      </h2>
      <dl>
         <dt>
            <span class="dt">Role:</span>
         </dt>
         <dd>application</dd>
      </dl>
      <dl>
         <dt>
            <span class="dt">Description:</span>
         </dt>
         <dd>
            <p>
This symbol is used to represent the element of a signature file which
specifies the signature of a symbol. It should take two string children, the
first should be the symbol who's signature is being specified, the
second should be an 'OMOBJ' element which specifies the
signature. Additionally the second argument should specify an object
which must represent a valid type in the type system identified by the
XML attribute 'type' corresponding to the element which corresponds to
the symbol 'CDSignatures' enclosing this symbol.
</p>
         </dd>
      </dl>
      <dl>
         <dt>
            <span class="dt">Signatures:</span>
         </dt>
         <dd>
            <a href="../../sts/metasig.xhtml#Signature">
	sts
      </a>
         </dd>
      </dl>
      <p/>
      <hr/>
      <table width="100%">
         <tr>
            <td align="right">
               <font size="-1">
	    [First: <a href="#CDSignatures">CDSignatures</a>]
	  
	    [Previous: <a href="#CDSStatus">CDSStatus</a>]
	  
      [<a href="#top">Top</a>]</font>
            </td>
         </tr>
      </table>


   </body>
</html>